Sir, could we ask you a few questions about Ace?
Ace Hardware? I doubt I'll go back. That was just
a nightmare. Mind telling us what happened? I'm the customer,
for crying out loud. They treated me like I was
an intruder. I was just running an errand for my
wife, gardening gloves and birdseed. It shouldn't have been as
hard as it was. I didn't know where that stuff
was, so I needed help to find it, at least
to be pointed in the right direction. I hate to
do that. I'm not gonna do that. I don't even
do it in my own house. Hey, can I borrow
10 bucks for lunch? Mitten stole my money. Your cat
stole your money? Yeah, if I leave my wallet out
on the counter, he runs down to the basement with
it. Excuse me, um, could one of you- Yeah, I
got, I got back late from that concert last night.
Yeah. And I was, like, super hammered, so I was
running late. So... That is awesome. Yeah. Yeah, so can
I borrow the money or what? Excuse me. Could, could
one of you tell me where I could find birdseed
and gardening gloves? Uh, no. I'm sorry. I don't know.
Is... No. I gotta learn what we sell here at
some point, you know? Okay. But I don't really... Uh,
you want paint? Uh- 'Cause paint I can see is
right over there. No, just the gardening gloves and- Gardening.
Nah. Someone else who could help me maybe? Oh, yeah,
probably. Great. Oh, okay. All right. All right. Well- Hey,
this was great. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Take it
easy. Hey, wait up, guys. Okay. Um, well, I'll... Should
I wait here? Okay. Well, long story short, I eventually
found the stuff, no thanks to them, and on my
way out, I remembered I wanted to pick up some
deck stain. Honey, no. I did not get into the
cake. Okay? I know it's for your mother's birthday. Yeah.
No, well, you know who did it. Yeah, I don't
care if he's only one years old. He climbs those
cabinets like a monkey. Nothing, an apple.
Yeah. Oh, honey, I gotta go. They don't want us
talking on the phone at work. Okay. Yeah, I'm hanging
up now. Bye. Uh, is this the only
waterproof stain you have? I have a deck I need
to stain and seal before the fall. Deck stain. Yeah.
You need deck stain. Cool. Let me just respond to
this real quick, and then we'll take care of your
stain thing, okay?
They didn't wanna take care of me, so I figured
I'd go somewhere else. So now I just wanna buy
my wife's stuff and get out of there. But no.
Yeah. Well, I get off at 6:00. Yeah, but I
still have to go home and get showered and, you
know, get cleaned up and stuff. You an Ace Rewards
member? Uh, y- yeah, but I don't have my card
with me. Can I give you my phone number and
have you, like, look it up? Yeah, we can do
that. No, not you. Just pick me up at 7:00.
Okay. What's the number? Uh, 555-1212.
Ace Hardware, hold please. Come on.
555-1212. You know, never,
never again.